=== Conversation 1: Biology Class Glow Up ===

[Context: Reply to story: "Before the glow up..."] Sender: You look even better
now 🔥 Sender: You're so fine 😮‍💨 Receiver: But 2 years layer... the glow up 🙏
Receiver: Tyler? From Biology? You really glowed up 😍 Sender: Yeah lol Sender:
You were always elite, I just wasn't on your radar 😅 Receiver: Well you are now
👀 Receiver: How have you been? Sender: My school crush just hit me with heart
eyes. I'm thriving 😮‍💨 Receiver: Guess I underestimated you Receiver: You were
chopped in school 😭 Sender: Yeah character development went crazy Sender: When
you gonna make it up to me for always looking past me huh? Receiver: I'll let
you take me out and we'll call it even 😌 Sender: You didn't even give me a
second glance back then... and now you tryna call it even off one date? 😏
Receiver: At least I'm here now 🤷‍♀️ Receiver: I'm still the prize 💅 Sender: You
right, somehow you get hotter every time I see you 😮‍💨 Receiver: You got game
now too huh? Receiver: What time you picking me up 🤭 [Context: Sender sends a
fake picture of a Lamborghini steering wheel] Sender: Can come get you now if
you ready? Receiver: A Lamborghini?! Damn Tyler I didn't know you had it like
that 🫣 Receiver: I'll get ready now Sender: Bet. [Context: Fast forward, missed
audio call from Receiver] Receiver: Hey you nearly here? Receiver: It's been
like an hour how far are you? Receiver: Hello?? Receiver: Are you fing kidding
me rn? Receiver: YOU stood me up?? Receiver: Honestly go f yourself Tyler

=== Conversation 2: Mom's Boyfriend's Daughter ===

Receiver (Mark - Mom's Boyfriend): I'm getting sick of your attitude Tyler
Receiver: You're gonna start showing me some respect or you can find somewhere
else to live! Sender: Bro you're not my dad Sender: Just like Kayla's not my
sister 👀 Receiver: Wtf is that supposed to mean?? Sender: You'll see 😎 [Context:
Sender texts Kayla] Sender: wyd you up? Receiver (Kayla): Tyler 👀? everything
ok? Sender: Everything's fine Sender: I just can't stop thinking bout you
Receiver: wtf 😭 why you being weird Receiver: why are you thinking bout me
at 2AM 💀 Sender: That dress you had on earlier? Dangerous 😮‍💨 Receiver: boy shut
up 😂 Sender: I'm serious. You got me losing sleep over thoughts I shouldn't be
having. Receiver: i can't tell if you're joking... Sender: Do you want me to be?
Receiver: idk what to say to that Receiver: i'm practically your step sister!
Sender: You really think your dad and my mom are gonna last? Sender: And key
word is 'practically' it's not like they're even married Sender: No blood, no
boundaries 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: you're actually insane 😭 Sender: I'm just being
honest, more than what I can say for you 👀 Receiver: what am i not being honest
about? Sender: I know you feel the same way Sender: When I wear those grey
sweats, I see you staring 😮‍💨 Receiver: it doesn't matter Receiver: we can't!
Sender: You say that, but you're still entertaining this convo at 2AM Receiver:
i know i shouldn't Receiver: but i can't stop 🤫 Sender: You want me, I want you.
Why pretend? Receiver: so what do we do about this then? Sender: Come to my room
and find out Receiver: are you crazy? he'll hear us! Sender: I guess you'll just
have to try and be quiet 🤫 [Context: Sender sends an explicit picture of him and
Kayla back to Mark] Sender: This your daughter? Receiver (Mark): You little
s***! 😡

=== Conversation 3: The Ghoster Loyalty Test ===

[Context: DM from a guy saying "Bro I think my girl cheating on me Can you
loyalty test her?"] Sender: Hey pretty 💕 Sender: Is it bad that I want you even
more now you've left me on read? Receiver: I'm sorry can i help you with
something? Sender: Actually you can Receiver: what, you need some tips on how to
take a hint? Sender: Nah it's not that Sender: I got a huge crush on someone
that ghosted me and idk what to do about it Receiver: it'll pass. Sender: Thing
is I don't want it to Sender: I can't stop thinking bout you since I saw ur
story Receiver: what, 10 minutes ago? Sender: That's all it took Sender:
Dangerous levels of pretty, tbh Receiver: thanks i guess Sender: When are you
gonna drop the unbothered act and admit you want me too? Receiver: i want YOU?
Receiver: bold assumption sir Sender: Just reading between the lines Sender: and
it's giving 'you been waiting on this DM.' Receiver: i have seen you pop up once
or twice on my feed Receiver: you're cute i suppose Sender: Finally the truth
Sender: Be honest you been manifesting me Receiver: i mean i did wonder if you
were gonna message me Receiver: but you took so long i figured you weren't
interested Sender: So that's why you were playing so hard to get Sender: I
thought you might've had a boyfriend or sum Receiver: no I don't have a
boyfriend Sender: So when can I make it up to you for taking so long to pop up?
Receiver: easy there Receiver: how you gonna make it up to me? Sender: How about
a massage? Sender: I'll start with your shoulders and end with you forgetting
how to walk Receiver: oh okay 🤭 how's tonight?

=== Conversation 4: Carrying All That ===

[Context: Reply to story of a girl taking a mirror selfie] Sender: How you carry
allat 👀 Receiver: lol what 😂 Sender: It must be difficult Receiver: It is 😔
Sender: I can carry it for you if you like Receiver: You're very forward aren't
you Sender: Reckless too Sender: I fear nothing but god and the screenshot
button Receiver: You should fear the block button too Sender: If I get blocked
for speaking my truth Sender: Just know I went out a hero Receiver: A hero is a
stretch Sender: A stretch is just what you need after carrying that around all
day Receiver: Damn that was actually pretty good 😂 Sender: Don't seem so
surprised Sender: I'm here to help Receiver: Suppose I could do with a massage
Sender: I can bend your back any time you like Receiver: Your trouble 🤫 Sender:
In so many ways

=== Conversation 5: Beautiful Babies ===

[Context: Reply to story of a girl in a bikini] Sender: We'd make some beautiful
babies fr Receiver: i'm actually at a loss for words Sender: I have been told I
have that effect on women Receiver: do you not have any shame? Sender: I traded
all my shame in for better results Sender: And you gotta stand out somehow
Receiver: you stood out Receiver: but at what cost? Sender: A little dignity for
a conversation with a beautiful girl? Sender: Seems like a fair trade to me 🤷‍♂️
Receiver: oh now you're tryna be cute? Sender: I got your attention Sender: Now
I gotta balance the chaos Sender: Yin needs it's yang Receiver: you got this all
planned out huh? Sender: I can see why you would think that but I'm actually
just a natural menace Receiver: i don't think i believe you Sender: I'd never
lie to you Receiver: so what do you want from me then? Sender: For you to drop
your guard Sender: Then your digits Sender: So we can see if the vibe is right
IRL Receiver: you slid up with 'we'd make beautiful babies' and I'm still here
Receiver: does it feel like my guard is up to you? Sender: So you imagined it
then? Sender: Sayless 👀 Receiver: what?? no 😭 Receiver: well maybe a little...
Sender: Then why don't we link up so you don't have to keep imagining what it's
like Sender: You can have flashbacks instead 👀 Receiver: that just gave me
butterflies 🫣 Receiver: my roommates out rn Receiver: come over

=== Conversation 6: Playing Doctor ===

[Context: Reply to story of a girl in medical scrubs] Sender: This just raised
my blood pressure, I need you to come and examine me 😮‍💨 Receiver: i don't think
your insurance covers this type of care 😂 Sender: Guess it'll have to be
off-record then 👀 Sender: It's an emergency Receiver: right okay i'll play along
😭 Receiver: what seems to be the problem? Sender: Ever since I saw you in those
scrubs my heart hasn't been beating the same. Receiver: you're a smooth talker 🤭
Receiver: but entertaining a patient would be highly unprofessional Receiver:
Not to mention all the regulations I'd be in violation of Sender: That's okay I
know how to keep a secret Sender: And who cares if it's unprofessional as long
as it's unforgettable 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: you might need more than a physical exam by
the sounds of it Sender: I like where this is going... Receiver: i'm thinking
psych evaluation too 😭 Sender: Look at all these problems you're causing me by
being so fine Sender: If I was really your patient I'd have to file a complaint
Receiver: well it's a good thing you aren't 👀 Sender: So when do I get to see
what you wear when you aren't saving lives? Receiver: i'm free this weekend
Sender: Perfect. You can come and look after me Receiver: as long as you lay
back and behave we won't have any problems Receiver: but I'll need to take some
samples 🤔 Sender: We talking blood orrr...

=== Conversation 7: Wingman Betrayal ===

[Context: Text from Da Homie 👑: "Bro, you know that maya girl right? I need you
to put in a good word for me 🙏" -> Sender replies: "I got you bro"] [Context:
Sender replies to the girl's story] Sender: My homie think you fine 👀 Receiver:
your homie? Receiver: and your homie can't tell me that himself nah? Sender: He
just asked me to put in a good word cause he saw that I follow you Sender: He a
lil shy Receiver: what's his @ Sender: @[Redacted] Receiver: yea he not really
my type Receiver: wassup witchu tho 👀 Sender: If it's me you want why you ain't
message me before 😭 Receiver: i'm just a girl 🧍‍♀️ Receiver: maybe i was waiting
on u Sender: Well here I am Sender: Don't gotta manifest me no more Receiver:
you're only here cause your boy asked you to dm me Receiver: not cause you want
me Sender: He got me here, it's you that's keeping me here Receiver: what is it
about me that's keeping you here then huh Sender: You got the kind of curves
that are worth risking a friendship Receiver: is that it? 🙄 Sender: Of course
not Sender: I like your vibe Sender: Tryna see it up close Receiver: bet that's
not all you wanna see up close Sender: I got a list Sender: You'd be surprised
at how long it is Receiver: not just the list 🤔 Sender: Glad we're on the same
page Sender: When am I seeing you Receiver: i'm free rn Receiver: or are you
gonna keep me waiting? Sender: Already on my way [Context: Picture of a girl in
bed with text "Sorry bro 😭🙏"]

=== Conversation 8: The Breakup Police ===

[Context: Reply to story of a girl in a white dress] Sender: You really posted
that knowing your ex watches? Savage 💀 Receiver: lol and who are you? Receiver:
the breakup police? Sender: Just an innocent bystander enjoying the fallout
Receiver: enjoy somewhere else 🙄 Sender: C'mon, I'm just giving you credits
Sender: That post had intentions 😏 Receiver: yeah, the intention was to look
good Receiver: not to get weirdos in my DMs Sender: Then mission's half
accomplished 😌 Receiver: half?? boy bye Sender: I said what I said Receiver: you
got a lot of mouth for someone nobody asked for 😒 Sender: Funny, I was thinking
the same about your story Receiver: careful Receiver: you're getting close to
getting blocked Sender: Careful, you're close to folding 😮‍💨 Receiver: 😂😂😂
Receiver: lmao in your dreams Sender: You already replied to me 7 times Sender:
That's called folding energy Receiver: you're so annoying, I hope you know that
Sender: But you're still here Receiver: i could leave any second Sender: Then go
Receiver: you really thinking I'm folding huh Sender: I know you are 😌 Receiver:
lol don't flatter yourself Sender: Then prove me wrong Receiver: what if i don't
want to Sender: Then say what you do want.. Receiver: [Sends phone number]
Receiver: PULL UP since you love talking so much 🙄

=== Conversation 9: Coin Flip ===

[Context: Reply to a girl's story] Sender: Let's flip a coin Receiver: huh?
Sender: If it's heads, I take you home Sender: If it's tails, you take me home
Receiver: right Receiver: so it's a lose/lose for me Receiver: you keep that
quarter in your pocket buddy 😭 Sender: Nah seems like a win to me Receiver: you
mean a win FOR YOU Sender: Nah for us Receiver: wdym us 😭 idek you Receiver: we
not even on a first-name basis Sender: Focus on my last name since that's the
one you'll be taking Sender: Forget about my first name Receiver: is that right
Receiver: moving a bit fast there don't you think 😂 Sender: Once I got my heart
set on something I don't waste time Receiver: clearly not Sender: You replying
to me is just boosting my ego Sender: So you only have yourself to blame
Receiver: maybe i'll stop replying then Receiver: give you a reality check
Sender: I got a feeling you won't 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: you really wanna call my bluff?
Sender: Nah I think I'd rather just call you Receiver: you'd need my number to
be able to do that Sender: I do, you gonna make me beg? Receiver: nah Receiver:
i like you Receiver: ur funny Sender: Send it over, I can make you laugh some
more Receiver: [Sends phone number] [Context: Picture of a girl looking out
window in bed. Text: "A few weeks later... This what being funny gets you 😮‍💨"]

=== Conversation 10: Are You Medusa? ===

[Context: Reply to a girl's mirror selfie] Sender: Are you Medusa? Receiver: let
me guess Receiver: cause you 'turned solid when you looked at me' 🙄 Sender:
Actually I was gonna say cause you're beautiful and misunderstood Sender: That's
a good one though Receiver: i just assumed you were another thirsty guy in my
DMs tryna hook up Sender: Not me Sender: I'm not like these other dudes
Receiver: really Receiver: what makes you so different then Sender: Other guys
want you. I want to deserve you. Receiver: hmm I'll believe it when I see it
Sender: Believe it as I speak it Sender: I wouldn't lie to you Receiver: if i
had a dollar for every time i heard that i'd be a millionaire Sender: If I had
you I'd feel like a millionaire Receiver: that's pretty cute Receiver: who sent
you Sender: Nobody sent me Sender: But god must've sent you Sender: You an angel
fr Receiver: you making me wanna give you a chance Receiver: slightly alarming
Sender: Alarming is better than disappointing Sender: And I can promise you
won't be disappointed 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: what if you are just like the rest
Receiver: and you're just tryna disarm me Sender: Life is full of what ifs
Sender: If you don't give it a shot you could be thinking 'what if' anyway
Receiver: that's true Receiver: you're a smooth talker fr Receiver: just hope
you're as sincere as you seem Sender: You can hear the sincerity in my voice
better over the phone Receiver: [Sends phone number]

=== Conversation 11: The Face Card Review ===

[Context: Reply to a girl's story] Sender: That face card lethal 😮‍💨 Receiver:
ok? Sender: Face card: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Sender: Customer service: ⭐ Receiver: does this
usually work for you? Sender: If you weren't so gorgeous I'd have to leave a 1
star review. Unfortunately for me you worth the trouble 😮‍💨 Receiver: ok but who
asked you to review me? 😭 Sender: Aight overall ima give you a 4.3 🤝
Receiver: 4.3 and still way outta your league Sender: If that's true then why
you still here? Receiver: i guess out of all the men begging in my DMs you
prolly the cutest... Sender: Nobody's begging Sender: But glad you finally
talking some sense Sender: Picking me is the best decision you made today 🤝
Receiver: i ain't picked you yet boy 😂 Sender: Denial is a river Sender: And you
swimming upstream against feelings you ain't ready to admit you got Receiver:
feelings? where?? 🤣 Sender: It's aight I won't tell anyone you folded this fast
Receiver: i haven't 'folded' omg 🙄 Sender: Not yet Sender: Later tho Sender:
Mentally and physically Receiver: ur talking like you're already in Sender: You
opened up the door Sender: I just made myself at home Receiver: so you just
invite yourself in? Sender: Why not? You got a man at home I don't know about?
Receiver: no lol definitely not Sender: Then I think imma make myself
comfortable Sender: Unless you wanna show me the way out? Receiver: you can
stay... Receiver: better be on your best behavior tho 🙄 Sender: Definitely not
Sender: But I behave better over the phone 🫴 Receiver: whatever Receiver: [Sends
phone number]

=== Conversation 12: @NASA ===

[Context: Reply to a girl's story] Sender: Do you have multiple accounts?
Receiver: no this is my only Instagram Receiver: why do you ask? Sender: I've
seen another account using your pics Receiver: what?? Receiver: send me the @
please! Sender: Sure Sender: It's @nasa Receiver: nasa? Receiver: the space
company? Sender: Yeah, cause you're out of this world 😮‍💨 Receiver: OMG! 😂
Receiver: you really had me worried Receiver: you're such a goofball Sender: Had
to get your attention somehow 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: well you got it 😂 Receiver: gotta
say that was the most creative way someone's slid in my DMs Sender: Felt right
to match your uniqueness Receiver: stoppp you're making me blush 🫣 Sender:
That's crazy cause I ain't even started making your cheeks red yet 😮‍💨 Receiver:
oh wow 🫣 Receiver: that took a turn Receiver: i'm not mad tho 👀 Sender: Oh so
you partial to a little chaos? Noted. Receiver: only if chaos takes me out to
dinner first Sender: Naturally, tonight work for you? Receiver: i'll clear my
schedule 🤭 Sender: Sayless. where am I picking you up from? Receiver: [Sends
address] Sender: That's like 3 hours away from me 💀 Sender: But I'd cross oceans
to get to you so get ready, I'll be there at 8 Receiver: omg 😭 got me kicking my
feet rn Receiver: maybe we just skip dinner and go straight to dessert 🤫 Sender:
Bet, omw 🫡

=== Conversation 13: Peaches and Goofballs ===

[Context: Reply to a girl's mirror selfie] Sender: I love peaches fr 🍑 Receiver:
wtf you telling me for 😂 Sender: I thought the emoji made it obvious Receiver:
you weird asf Sender: Normal is boring Sender: I'm sure you get heart eyes daily
Sender: At least I'm original Receiver: you're a goofball 😂 Sender: I'm tryna be
your goofball Receiver: that's sweet Receiver: i still don't really know what
you're here for 😭 Sender: Maybe I'm just here to be sweet Sender: Like a peach 🍑
Receiver: STOP with the peach talk 😂 Receiver: got me sat here cracking up 😭
Sender: Glad I'm making you smile Sender: I'm happy if you're happy Receiver:
now you're just making me feel bad for calling you a goofball Sender: It's okay
Sender: You can make it up to me Receiver: if you boutta say something crazy
imma block you 🙄 Sender: I was just gonna ask for your number Sender: Why you
think so low of me? Receiver: because men usually just want one thing 😭
Receiver: i judged you too quickly I'm sorry 🥺 Sender: Well im not like the rest
Sender: I wouldn't do that Receiver: you're clearly doing something right
cause 2 minutes ago i thought you were a weirdo Receiver: now you got me waiting
on your texts Sender: Don't get it twisted Sender: I am a weirdo Sender: I'll
still take your number tho 🫴 Receiver: [Sends phone number] Receiver: call me
you goofball

=== Conversation 14: Sushi Raw ===

[Context: Reply to a story of a girl eating sushi] Sender: Sushi's not the only
thing I eat raw Receiver: i'm stunned... 😞 Sender: I often have that effect on
women, you'll be okay I promise Receiver: do you have no shame? Sender: I traded
all my shame in for a 100% success rate Receiver: well i hate to ruin your
perfect score but i have a boyfriend so 🤷‍♀️ Sender: Let's not let something as
irrelevant as a 'boyfriend' stand in the way of us Receiver: WDYM 'US' 😭
Receiver: sir you need to turn around and walk out of my DMs hanging your head
in shame Sender: No shame in accepting defeat Sender: But I wouldn't know
Sender: I'm not about to start now Receiver: so you think that imma fold even
after telling you I'm taken? Sender: I'm counting on it Receiver: when did you
become so sure of yourself? Receiver: did this begin at birth or did your
arrogance come as you got older? Sender: It's a gift and a curse, guess I was
born with an unnatural ability 🤷‍♂️ Receiver: yeah heavy on 'unnatural' and
'curse' Sender: Let's stop pretending you aren't interested Sender: You may have
a man but clearly he doesn't treat you well enough to block me 👀 Receiver: i
just wanna see how much deeper you dig this hole for yourself Sender: I got no
problem going deeper Sender: Especially if you're watching Receiver: ok woah 😒
Receiver: you need to not do that sir Sender: Call me sir one more time and I'll
make you forget his name fr 😮‍💨 Receiver: who's name? 🤫 Receiver: I lied about
the whole boyfriend thing Sender: Wouldn't have made a difference either way,
but I knew you'd come around Sender: How bout you send me your number and we can
book you an appointment Receiver: what kind of appointment? Sender: Go back and
read the first message I sent you 👀 Receiver: oh... OH 😳 Sender: Send me them
digits 🫴 Receiver: yes sir 👀 Receiver: [Sends phone number]

=== Conversation 15: Texting My Ex ===

[Context: Reply to story with an arrow pointing to "Messaging my ex"] Sender: I
miss you Receiver: didn't i make myself clear before? Receiver: LEAVE ME ALONE
Sender: You did Sender: But I can't stop thinking bout you Sender: And it's not
my fault you haven't blocked me Receiver: i still can you know Receiver: just
give up 🙄 Sender: I'll never give up on us Receiver: there is no 'us' Receiver:
not anymore. Receiver: go talk to one of your other girls Tyler Sender: Idc
about these other girls Sender: I'd drop them all for you in a heartbeat
Receiver: you couldn't before Receiver: why would i believe you now Sender: I
would never lie to you Receiver: but you already lied to me...? Sender: I would
never lie to you twice... Receiver: you're such an idiot 🙄 Sender: But I'll
always be your idiot Sender: You know you love it Receiver: why do i find it
this hard to h*te you Sender: Cause we soul bonded Sender: Let me come over and
remind you how well I know you Receiver: you're so toxic Sender: So... you don't
want me to pull up? Receiver: i do 🙄 Sender: Be there in 20

=== Conversation 16: Experiment #66 ===

[Context: Texting someone saved as "Experiment #66 🧪"] Sender: I'm breaking up
with you Receiver (E): Aight Sender: 'Aight' ? Sender: That's all you have to
say? Receiver: Yup Receiver: What else you want me to say? Sender: Idk just
didn't expect you to be so nonchalant Receiver: Am I supposed to care? Receiver:
I got 3 more like you 😂 Sender: Are you being serious rn? Receiver: Of course
not, you know you're irreplaceable Sender: Okay good Sender: I know you're
probably really hurt Sender: But you should've paid more attention to me
Receiver: You prolly right Receiver: I legit forgot you existed 💀 Sender: wtf!
Sender: Why do you have to be like this? Receiver: You think I don't know you
hooked up with my homeboy last week? Sender: How did you find out about that!
Receiver: Who do you think gave him the throughball 💀 Sender: You know what I
don't even care Sender: I'm gonna find someone better Sender: More handsome
Sender: Stronger Sender: Bigger 👀 Receiver: Tell him I said good luck and may
god help him Receiver: Hope he know he dealing with used AND damaged goods
Sender: You're never gonna find another girl like me again! Receiver: I hope not
😭🙏 Sender: I hope you know this is the last time you'll ever hear from me
Receiver: Bye bye 👋 Sender: Tyler are you kidding me?! Sender: You're dating my
cousin?! Receiver: Surprise 🤪 Receiver: I'll see you on thanksgiving 🤫
